doc: adjust documentation to changes and add additional information (#17)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/examples/use-different-account.md

## Using a different account 

Because the SDK uses mostly a mnemonic to initialize itself, you can access to the other account defined by the [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki).

As an helper for users and internal reference for `sdk.platform`. 
By default, accessing to `sdk.account` is equivalent of `sdk.wallet.getAccount({index:0})`. 
Therefore usage might varies if you need to deal with platform or not. 

### Access to account without platform
```js  
   const accountIndex = 1;
   const account = sdk.wallet.getAccount({index:accountIndex});
   await account.isReady();
```

### Access to account with platform.

> You will actually need to replace sdk.account to get platform correctly fetch the right account for it's signing/utxos fetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will actually need to replace `sdk.account` to get platform to correctly fetch the right account to use for signing and fetching UTXOs.
```
